README.md, before:

# Matrix-rotation

 Execution covers all table sizes (limited only by javascript engine limitations. To improve this, could be used any library (like `big.js`) that makes calculations by using `String` instead of `Number`).<br />
 Input data is read by using stream from the .csv file (`input.csv` if you leave the argument empty and don't answer the question) and written to stdout.

# Setup

1) Install packages: run `npm install` in terminal.
2) Create build from ts files: run `npm run build:webpack` in terminal.

# Run
Run `node cli.js input.csv`. in terminal.

# Test
There are several examples of different table sizes. And different input file data (including big one).</br>
`npm run test`

# Task Description
![description](./visual-description.png)

You should be able to run your program like:<br/>
~ $ node cli.js input.csv > output.csv<br/>
The input file is the first and only argument to the program. Output should be
written to stdout (aka printed to the screen).

**Input**<br/>
The input will be a CSV file with the columns id and json. You can assume id
to be a string and json to be a string (JSON encoded data).<br/><br/>
id,json<br/>
1,"[1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9]"<br/>
2,"[40, 20, 90, 10]"<br/>
3,"[-5]"<br/>
9,"[2, -0]"<br/>
5,"[2, -5, -5]"<br/>
8,"[1, 1, 1, 1, 1]”<br/>
<br/>**Output**<br/>
The output should be a CSV-encoded series of rotated tables with the
columns id, json and is_valid. The latter is an indicator of whether or not
a given table is valid, if it is not, json should be an empty array.<br/><br/>
id,json,is_valid<br/>
1,"[4, 1, 2, 7, 5, 3, 8, 9, 6]",true<br/>
2,"[90, 40, 10, 20]",true<br/>
3,"[-5]",true<br/>
9,"[]",false<br/>
5,"[]",false<br/>
8,”[]",false<br/>

Commit message:

Add details block into description.

README.md, after:

# Matrix-rotation

 Execution covers all table sizes (limited only by javascript engine limitations. To improve this, could be used any library (like `big.js`) that makes calculations by using `String` instead of `Number`).<br />
 Input data is read by using stream from the .csv file (`input.csv` if you leave the argument empty and don't answer the question) and written to stdout.

# Setup

1) Install packages: run `npm install` in terminal.
2) Create build from ts files: run `npm run build:webpack` in terminal.

# Run
Run `node cli.js input.csv`. in terminal.

# Test
There are several examples of different table sizes. And different input file data (including big one).</br>
`npm run test`

# Task Description
![description](./visual-description.png)

**Details**<br/>
Given a CSV file representing a series of tables, implement a rotation engine
that parses, verifies and rotates each table, and finally outputs a CSV file with
all valid and rotated tables.

You should be able to run your program like:<br/>
~ $ node cli.js input.csv > output.csv<br/>
The input file is the first and only argument to the program. Output should be
written to stdout (aka printed to the screen).

**Input**<br/>
The input will be a CSV file with the columns id and json. You can assume id
to be a string and json to be a string (JSON encoded data).<br/><br/>
id,json<br/>
1,"[1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9]"<br/>
2,"[40, 20, 90, 10]"<br/>
3,"[-5]"<br/>
9,"[2, -0]"<br/>
5,"[2, -5, -5]"<br/>
8,"[1, 1, 1, 1, 1]”<br/>
<br/>**Output**<br/>
The output should be a CSV-encoded series of rotated tables with the
columns id, json and is_valid. The latter is an indicator of whether or not
a given table is valid, if it is not, json should be an empty array.<br/><br/>
id,json,is_valid<br/>
1,"[4, 1, 2, 7, 5, 3, 8, 9, 6]",true<br/>
2,"[90, 40, 10, 20]",true<br/>
3,"[-5]",true<br/>
9,"[]",false<br/>
5,"[]",false<br/>
8,”[]",false<br/>
